do not merge-as per 9298467 (#396)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth.md

The generated access tokens can be used as tokens to authenticate SMTP, POP, and IMAP connections via SASL XOAUTH2 format as described previously.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are trying to use Client Credential Grant Flow with SendAs, you need to grant SendAs permissions to the sender: [Add-RecipientPermission (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn](/powershell/module/exchange/add-recipientpermission).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're trying to use Client Credential Grant Flow with SendAs, you need to grant SendAs permissions to the sender: [Add-RecipientPermission (ExchangePowerShell)](/powershell/module/exchange/add-recipientpermission).
```
